Add feature gate BtreeWatchCache for v1.32. (#49351)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/BtreeWatchCache.md

---
title: BtreeWatchCache
content_type: feature_gate

_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: beta 
    defaultValue: true
    fromVersion: "1.32"
---

> Enable this gate will replace the HashMap based implementation of watch cache with a BTree based one.
> This replacement may bring performance improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable using a BTree to back the _watch cache_ within the Kubernetes API server.

If disabled, the API server uses a legacy HashMap-based watch cache.
```
